okay I am at JJ restaurant which is more
like sort of a temple here on Petco Sam
Choy's 65 and actually I've just we have
just ordered up a vegetarian spread of
indulgence right now if you can see
we've ordered quite a few dishes
and I'm ready to throw this down and
it's all vegetarian J food so first
check this out we got hut see you made
with send me noodles
we've got a thumb jung-jae with a bunch
of herbs and vegetables in there that
are not usually included in a normal
thumb YUM
mm has a rich herbal flavor that is good
just normal normal pop pop boom which is
morning glory story
I'm gonna sample that mmm boy
and this dish right here is called Tom
duck tie I'm not even sure exactly
what's all in this but this is a dish
I've had some times with um chicken got
young inside but this is the J version
so there's no none of that
taste this guy
it's a good healthy flavor
now we're gonna going to lead your
coffee lead you on to this well sorry
this is the vegetables that goes with
the dumpling noon um not sure what's in
it but I'm going to grab a piece of
bitter melon first dip that in there
it's bitter that's a bitter let me try a
it's an acquired taste but it's good
piece of okra
so that numpad Numis it's good it's a
little bit strange but it's pretty good
and lastly yes we have two common you
might recognize this as mudang which is
like a red barbecued pork but yes let me
tell you this is not pork at all but
it's something fake let's dip it in the
sauce see how that tastes you know it's
quite good it's quite good it's not
quite as well it's not very meaty but it
is fake meat it's good anyway
JJ restaurant we're at a temple um this
is top quality top-notch vegetarian Thai
food
it's a little bit out a little bit far
but this is good food right here
you